Oh
Billo i want you to do a favor
gonna say something or just stare at me
I'm doing a birthday party and I would
really enjoy the pleasure here
company he did not say that he did I'll
go if you go we are going we're not
going to a drug dealers birthday party
she metaphorically showed you her
and said come and me okay so you
gonna ask me to dance or what
that real how'd you get this
party don't put that in my bag we
got to get rid of it then or take it up
please you want three take a bag
full of dough in a gun to the
police station like here you go
don't mix la mom I need you to trust me
right about now not take that backpack
to the in the whip get the
out in one oh oh about
John's we're talking about Molly can all
we gotta do is find the white people go
to Coachella I've got a bag for this
address and dad's office fun Rock hang
out here till he gets back you know yeah
if I let this lab we got what they call
a slippery slope know what a slippery
slope is you got anything to do a scheme
to shut us down
who the did we get ourselves into I
don't want to go to jail I want to go
with a call it aa slippery slope
sex
I'm bored as you play with me word
can bring me down
bring me down I'm gonna give you five
six
show me who's Malcolm one your straight
A's don't mean so here away from
the hood
Dori I'll be seeing you job MCM offense
Oh what are you man Bob
dead-ass serious dead ass serious
you can call me n-word and I can't say
technically you shouldn't be able to say
the word why can okay because I'm 14%
African ancestry just say the damn word
you're mine mmm it was a reflex